So what I have here is a brand new index.js file,
and the first thing we want to do is we want to build
a function that's going to create us a brand new store.
So what we'll do is let's create a function here first,
we'll call it createStore,
and again remember the store is going to be responsible for four things;
it's going to manage the state,
then we need to provide an API or a way to get the state,
a way to list all the changes on the state as well as a way to update the state.
So, in order to do number one here,
what if we came in here and create a variable,
let's just call 'state,' so this state variable
is going to hold the state of our entire application.
So this one is done right here.
Now, what we need to do is we need to provide a way to get access to the state.
So what if we came in here and did something like this,
well lets create a new function,
we'll use an arrow function and all getState is going to be responsible for is
returning us the state of our application which it can do just by returning state,
and then now what we want to do is whenever createStore is invoked,
we want to return an object,
and as I mentioned earlier one of the properties on that object that we
want to give the user is the ability to get the state.
So all we need to do is add
the getState property here so whenever they invoke createStore,
they'll get an object back and in order to access the internal state of our store,
they can just invoke the getState method.